---
title: <i class="fa-solid fa-circle-question"></i> Frequently asked questions
menu-title: <i class="fa-solid fa-circle-question"></i>&nbsp;FAQ
---
# Questions
1. [Stop logging is not possible - the <i class="fa-solid fa-circle-stop"></i> **stop logging** overlay button now shown?](#locked) 

2. [Settings are so complicated & complex?](#settings)

3. [Where do I find my exported file?](#exports)

4. [Why the App need's the Permission...](#permissions)

5. [My device does not show a dialog (to allow to select the GPSLogger app) when starting a download on openandromaps](#openopenandro)
 
6. [Question](#q)

# Answers
## Stop logging is not possible - the <i class="fa-solid fa-circle-stop"></i> **stop logging** overlay button now shown {#locked}
> GPSLogger's main screen can be active/display all it's information, even if your device is in the 
> <i class="fa-solid fa-lock"></i> locked state. This will save you from constantly unlocking your phone when you just
> want to check your location on the map.
> 
> In order to avoid the situation, that you terminate the logging process by accident while the phone is located in your
> pocked (or stored somewhere else), the <i class="fa-solid fa-circle-stop"></i> **stop logging** overlay button is only
> active, when the device is in <i class="fa-solid fa-lock-open"></i> unlocked state.
> 
> So when you take your phone out of your pocked, and you want to stop the logging process (and the
> <i class="fa-solid fa-circle-stop"></i> **stop logging** button is not shown) you need to
> <i class="fa-solid fa-lock-open"></i> unlock your phone and the missing function/button will become available.
> You can quickly unlock your device by do so by pressing the &nbsp;<i class="fa-solid fa-ellipsis-vertical"></i>&nbsp; and
> select **Unlock** from the menu

## Where do I find my exported file? {#exports}
> Please see [access GPSLogger files](../5000-export/#access-exported-files-in-the-share-folder)

## Settings are so complicated & complex? {#settings}
> What should I say - yes you are right, the settings seams to be quite complex and might be way too complicated for the
> start. The main reason why the situation is what it is: I don't want to restrict the users in any kind nor do I want
> to make decisions for them - I truly believe you as a user are intelligent and tweak all the different options to your
> personal optimum. Have in mind we are all different and have different background and plenty of different use cases.
> 
> Some use GPSLogger for skydiving - some to track the movement of their RC car/plane others use the app to track their
> flight (when the airline does not offer any kind of onboard entertainment) - I personally use it as replacment of a 
> bike computer, to track my hiking activities and use it on my treadmill and rowing machine. GPSLogger is a **swiss
> army knife** - and therefore the options and settings cover many aspects.
> 
> If you miss a feature/function - just let me know! - That's how all have started <i class="fa-solid fa-face-smile-wink"></i>

## Why the App need's the Permission...? {#permissions}
> Answer...

## Question {#q}
> Answer...
 
## My device does not show a dialog (to allow to select the GPSLogger app) when starting a download on openandromaps {#openopenandro} 
> Answer...